12/15/2022 /// everything is based on Henry's cylcle 11 react tutorial. I am not including the mui buttons

Created a new react app and deleted unnecearry files. I want to start using Henry's folder hierarchy. Then combine the coding with
    kevin tutorial(data base), then the other components that I have from the prisma project.

Starting at Henry's index.js    
    I installed react-router-dom: npm install react-router-dom.
    imported the necessary imports
    added the routes
    create Home folder , .css, .jsx
    created AboutYou folder, .css, .jsx
    
    Ok from here I have a Home page, AboutYou page and AnotherPage. In my index.js page I have to specify the route of the Page, then I 
    can Link to them.
    Im going to start writing the service.js and dbfiles for the database, I want to start with the Form, but, its on my work machine and I don't
    feel like rumaging thru github for it

service.js and db files from database project (coding with kevin)
    create service.js file
    follow notes from full-stack2 (coding with kevin)
    I'm having an issue with pushing the commit....Im using this as a test
    
    /// this is the issue
    remote: Permission to looSeeCan2/cycle11-rfp.git denied to looSeeCan.
    fatal: unable to access 'https://github.com/looSeeCan2/cycle11-rfp.git/': The requested URL returned error: 403

    I can commit, but, it gives me this issue when I try to push. Although I can do it on desktop just fine.
    Also, on Full-stack2 everything works fine

12/16/22
    continuing with service.js
    I have express listening: npx nodemon service.js
    Im going to try adding the form first before I do the rest of the database operations
    create components folder > formInputs folder > .css, .jsx and created form folder > .css, .js
        I mainly spent my time building the ui for the formInput and form. I created the input attributes in an array and picked apart
        how the spread operator functioned when used inside the map to pass props to the formInput. Did some detectiive work on
        destructuring. Made some the css that I had made sence. I still need to fully understand some of the css stuff that is going on 
        with the form, like the "invalid" stuff. I only created 2 inputs for now, so I can clearly get an understanding of what is going
        on. Next, I am now going to do useState and work on the onChange stuff and other functions.

12/19/2022
    So. I spent the majority of the day trying to be able to set up a remote connection between my machines in the full-stack2 code. 
    I did a bunch of things that
    maybe might of mattered. Port forwarding on the router. Creating a new rule on the firewall. Changing the ports on the sql configuration
    manager. In mssm, the problem that i had was I could not connect using the name of the Computer "DESKTOP-B488TGH\SQLEXPRESS". I finally used the 
    ipaddress instead and it worked. I was able to connect both ways. But then there was a problem with the js code saying that it could not
    connect. I tried to use the ipaddress in the conig object on server.js, also got an error. I eventually added a options.serverName
    where the idaddress was added in both fields. This worked. I can now access from the js code. 
    The point of all this was to be able to merge and pull between my two accounts to simulate a real work experience. I couldn't do that 
    with this specific project because, I would of had to make a seperate table for each machine.
    I'm now going to share as a collaborator with my work account and coninue with this project.
        